It's RuPaul's Drag Race
countdown to the crown.
With just one week until we
announce America's next drag
superstar, get ready for the
juiciest, gaggiest, and shadiest
shenanigans of the season...
I hope you bitches are ready.
Okay?
As we countdown the top
turnt-up runway looks,
the top judge mental moments.
They created a character--
pause.
The top smackdowns.
Darienne, why didn't you
choose me?
It's none of your fucking
business.
All: Ooh!
The top moments that made us
go "what the fuck?"
That's right, all tops,
no bottoms--
just like the pit crew.
Excuse me?
[Giggles]
Plus, extra-special footage
never before seen on TV.
I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at
the dirt.
And the world video premiere of
sissy that walk.
[Upbeat pop music]
Now, sissy that walk.
To diagnose the most
sickening season in Drag Race
herstory, we'll be joined by
legendary queens, each with
a phd in fierce.
Put on your bifocals,
and let's read these bitches.
How you doin'?
Let the countdown to the
crown begin in seven,
six, five...
Ah, just start the music.
RuPaul's Drag Race
the winner of RuPaul's drag
race receives a sickening
supply of Colorevolution
cosmetics, and a cash prize
of $100,000.
RuPaul's Drag Race
may the best woman win
best woman win
welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race
countdown to the crown.
With just one week until I crown
America's next drag superstar,
i have a confession to make.
I still haven't made up my mind.
[Giggles]
So tell me, who do you think
should win?
Are you team Adore Delano,
team Bianca Del Rio,
or team Courtney Act?
Oh, we're playing that this
year, bitch?
Undecided?
Then stay tuned for up close
and personal moments with
the final three.
It just might change your mind.
Yes, God.
First up, the top six
there were so many memorable
phrases this season.
Yes, God.
Okay?
[Trills]
oh, yes, mama.
Number six.
Mother has arrived.
Just let me open my tear-away
thing.
Mother's going to arrive in just
a second.
Mother has arrived.
Mother arrived, but then she
didn't stay for too long.
Number five.
Hey, rusie q.
Everything joslyn said was
priceless.
I plan on being the black
horse in this competition.
[Record scratches]
Stand-up comedy is not my
cup of soup.
Gasp!
Everything that joslyn said
was cute, but "keep it foxy,"
that was hot.
When all else fails, keep it
foxy.
Wah, wah.
It's sort of like a little
Carol Burnett, like, "tugging on
the ear" thing, maybe.
Instead, you're just tapping
the tit.
You're gonna keep it foxy?
Wah, wah.
Is that how she punctuates
her sentences?
I just found out I have
chlamydia, wah, wah.
You know, like...?
Number four.
I can tell that you're
the feisty one.
Absolutely.
A booty cuts your leg.
[Laughs]
absolutely.
It's one of those voices that
just sticks with you.
[Speaking spanish]
No, you have to ask me
a question, like, what's the
weather like today?
Absolutely.
Do you look like a fucking
dumpster?
Absolutely.
I'm not trying to be shady,
but I didn't really like her.
I haven't heard a voice more
annoying than Gia Gunn since...
Well, Laganja Estranja.
Number three.
Bianca is a walking
catchphrase.
I mean...
I'm thinking about wearing
facial hair.
Hope you're packed.
You need help packing?
Need help packing?
Beat it, queen.
You need help packing?
You need help packin'?
Bianca's rolodex of hate is
actually more like an entire,
like, Wikipedia page.
Trinity reminds me of a dear
friend of mine from new Orleans.
She's dead.
If I was gonna come for you,
I'd come into your room at
night and cut up your fucking
wigs.
Look at that nose.
I thought she was a fucking
swordfish.
She could flip pages in a book.
Number two.
Oh, no she better don't.
#ohnoshebetterdon't.
[Trills]
I think I heard it at least
26,000 times on the runway.
Very c.E. Oh, no she
better don't.
Rainb-oh, she better don't.
Domi-no, she better do.
I love that actress on grey's
anatomy Sandra oh, no she better
don't.
Oh, no she better don't,
bitch.
Number one.
There was one word that Adore
said a lot.
Fuck.
Adore, that's your cue.
Oh, fuck, yes.
Uh-oh, ooh, fuck.
Adore Delano's favorite
catchphrase is "beep."
I can't say it,
because I keep it clean.
I have a whore mouth.
I do.
No, not that word.
Party.
Blast off to party central.
Galapagos island, party.
Party.
[Gasps]
This season was all about
#teamtalent, with one
breakout performance
after another.
Let's count down the top four
team talent mvps.
Number four.
My mother is from Cuba, and
my dad is from Honduras, which
basically means I have a large
dick, no credit, and a tendency
to take things that don't belong
to me.
[Laughter]
I would never want to sit
front row at a Bianca Del Rio
comedy show, 'cause she's coming
for you and your weave.
Do not fall asleep while
Bianca is on stage.
Can you wake that bitch up?
The one with the horizontal
stripes.
Not a good look in your third
trimester, sir, all right?
[Laughter]
I really don't want Bianca to
read me ever, or even look
at me.
Not today, Satan, not today.
Numero tres.
My name says it all
ain't no need
to try to force it
look at my body
in this brand-new corset
Adore slayed.
Bitch, slayed.
Go on ahead.
Adore's rap, flawless,
and I know rap.
Stop relying on that bodyguard
soundtrack.
Men turn around
pants coming down
that hair looked like it was
growing out of her head.
Was that her hair?
I'm gonna be mad if that was her
hair.
Okay, she better should.
Number two.
And you, and you
and all of you
I'll
make you love me
Courtney brought the house
down, the house down.
I felt like, oh, all of a
sudden, I had turned on
a Tonys performance.
What's a Tony?
She was so freaking talented,
and so freaking adorable
and beautiful and spot-on.
She's my v.I.P. Tonight.
I love Broadway musicals,
and Courtney Act was a perfect
Adele dazeem.
Number one.
Well, ruple--ruple, is it?
It's so funny about these
Seattle girls not really being
taken seriously until
Snatch Game.
Ru, could you get people that
speak normal English next time
for the show?
Excuse me, we originated
the language.
Oh, citrus, could you imagine
such a thing?
Now, you do an English
accent?
You know, I don't know how to
do one if I'm honest.
I don't believe for a second
that Ben de LA creme didn't know
how to do a British accent.
Lies!
Liza minelli's sister,
lorna luft.
Quite gay, I found, yes.
Now, I know Ben de LA creme
may have won the challenge, but
Adore blew it out of the water.
Kimmy!
People think it's easy to
play a busty drunk.
Trust me, it isn't.
I've been doing it for 30 years.
The top three wtf challenge
moments.
Number three.
Where my girls at
make your heels clap
I love that mini-challenge
where it's the--one queen is on
the bottom with their legs
spread, and the other one is on
top, moving her mouth.
It was like my relationship with
Sharon.
[Gasp]
Both: I'm the bottom!
I don't know what half these
challenges have to do with
anything, but I am so
entertained.
I might fart on your stomach.
That's okay.
I was very nervous when I saw
Vivacious laying in the sand,
because I thought for sure
Greenpeace was gonna come
and harpoon her.
Number two.
Oh, scruff pit crew.
[All exclaim]
You're going to compete in
a game of "hungman."
"A," "s," another "s."
Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass.
Do I love ass.
I haven't seen that much junk
since touring with
milli vanilli.
Number one.
Queen overboard!
Yes.
In the first episode, they
had to jump off a high platform
and strike a glamorous pose.
Oh, and then the other girls
got to have a fun pillow fight
with a bunch of naked men.
Leaping to my death or being in
a bed with lots of men.
I don't know.
Ahh!
The only thing that you
haven't done yet is set fire to
the queens.
Season seven, burn all them
bitches.
Coming up, stay tucked as we
count down these season's top
ten turnt-up fashions.
How is she, though?
What?
The top five smackdowns.
And you are Beyonce.
Oh, I am.
A salute to the top three,
plus the world video premiere of
sissy that walk when RuPaul's
Drag Race countdown to the
crown continues.
[Laughs]
Welcome back to RuPaul's drag
race countdown to the crown.
This season's queens came
dressed to thrill from the
bottom of their cha-cha heels to
the top of their second heads.
Oh!
The top four drag-cessories.
Number four.
Gia Gunn's giant purse is
like a petite clutch for a drag
queen, because it do take
a lot to look like this.
I got a little brush.
Is this your baby?
I got a little tilapia
in here.
You know what would have made
it better?
Is if the purse rolled in
and then stopped, and then
she got out of it and then
picked it up and walked out,
'cause it was big enough.
Come on, now, it is a known
fact that a woman do carry an
evening bag at a dinner party.
Number three.
Oh, that was beautiful, ooh,
the yellow in the umbrella
and the blue, that was gorgeous.
She looked stunning.
If you can just walk around
with your own, like, special
effects, and just have rain
falling on you, like,
it's great.
This runway look was
a little misleading though,
because I thought her name
should have been April showers.
Make it rain, girl.
Make it rain.
Number two.
Courtney's character in the
Ru-sical got addicted to
fish oil.
I didn't know it was so
addictive.
I would have never started.
All your wishes will grow
if you take a swig
of this
fish oil
drink for me.
Don't do it.
Don't do it!
Number one.
I think it's very important
for a queen to have good head on
her shoulders.
Do you have a name for the
head on top of your head?
Ornacia.
Ornacia, okay.
I really expected a lot from
ornacia.
I'm shocked she didn't make it
into the final three.
Ooh, boy.
Ornacia mean mugs the camera.
Are you okay?
Uh-huh.
Back in New York City, I used
to go clubbing with ornacia all
the time.
We're on the list, ornacia plus
one.
I love this song, ornacia,
don't you?
Oh, my God, this d.J.
Is really great.
You know, some parts of the
show really made me wet...
In the eye.
Get your mind out of the gutter,
pervert.
The top five moments that made
number five.
Thank you.
Milk got really choked up
when she left.
I just want to thank you
so much for allowing me to be
who I am without fear of being
ridiculed.
Milk gets eliminated,
and it's such a shame.
The one time she looks like
a woman, and she gets sent home.
What the hell?
If you love yourself and are
happy with what you're
contributing to the world, then
no one can fault you for that.
I had to cut Milk out of my
diet, and I wasn't ready.
I'm not ready for soy.
It doesn't taste the same.
Can I get my phone back?
Number four.
Every time we go on untucked,
one minute they reading hos,
and the next one they boo-hooing
into their glasses.
I can't take it.
You got everything from mama.
We're cut from the same cloth.
You got the boobies.
Well, mama ain't got a butt,
but you do.
[Laughter]
And get ghetto if you have to
with these girls, okay?
See you when you get home
with that money.
My mom's a chola, and she
likes big cock, okay!
[Laughs]
Number three.
I feel very attacked.
Relax, relax.
After the stand-up,
Laganja broke down again.
I've given up everything in
my life to be a drag queen.
When I'm--
breathe, breathe.
If you are gonna cry that
fucking much, get a better damn
lash adhesive
and waterproof fucking mascara.
The five "g"s--
good God, ganja, get a grip.
This is just too fucking
much.
You broke me down.
I feel like shit,
and I look stupid.
God, this fucking sucks.
I can't believe it took all
the time to episode eight for
people to tell Laganja that her
voice was annoying.
Come on!
Okay?
That's not fair.
I'm sorry, we all have different
voices, you know?
I've been told my whole life my
voice was annoying, and, you
know, now, it's how I make
my moneys.
Work, bitch.
Number two.
I am HIV positive.
I wanted to come on this show,
and I wanted to be that voice
for people who are scared
to speak out about that.
Trinity admitted that she has
HIV, which I think is
extremely brave.
I miss you, and I love you.
You told me when you were
little, "I'm gonna be a star.
I'm gonna be on TV,"
so here we are.
The fact that Trinity k.
Bonet's mother sent that
beautiful message and the fact
that she just seemed, like,
so team Trinity, I love that.
I think all mothers should be
that open and loving to their
kids.
It was so great to see.
Number one.
Here comes the bride.
[Fake crying]
[Fake sobbing]
[Laughter]
And some people shed
real tears.
I believe every living
creature in the universe
deserves the right to love
and to be happy.
And I'm finally going home to
plan my own wedding, finally.
[Sighs]
That's cute.
Little miss joslyn's all
emotional, because she has to
make over these wedding couples,
and she's engaged.
That's special.
I know I better have an
invitation.
Guess who caught the bouquet.
Thanks, bradonna.
[Laughs]
Smells rotten.
A moment you didn't see this
season came during the talk show
challenge.
We surprised each of the queens
with a mystery guest, and things
got a little wild.
It's finally that time to
reveal our special
mystery guest.
From the national wildlife
federation--
I went to continuation school.
I don't know what that word
means.
Nature-alist
David miss-a-Jews.
Misajews--ahh.
Mis-ajusky.
Misajusky.
Mr. Jew sky.
Hello, David.
Hi, there.
Oh, my goodness.
I have an animal out here
that you've probably never seen
before.
[Squeals]
It's called a binturong
or bearcat.
Okay.
Have you ever seen one this
big before?
I have, actually.
Oh, awesome.
You see that other thing
sticking out there.
I do, but I didn't want to
mention it.
I just thought she was excited
to see me.
So is that her tail that's--
that is her tail, yup.
Okay, that's a look.
Is she a marsupial?
She's not a marsupial.
That's a great question.
You know, reflecting your
homeland there.
Good girl, raji.
You look like somebody I know
called raja.
[Record scratch]
Coming up, we count down the
top ten turnt-up looks on the
runway...
Eloquent, it's a word.
The top five judge mental
moments.
Put a cork in it.
And the top three queens let
us have it, plus the world video
premiere of sissy that walk as
RuPaul's Drag Race countdown to
the crown keeps on keeping on.
[Laughs]
Welcome back to RuPaul's drag
race countdown to the crown.
This season, the runway,
like my pussy, was on fire.
Want to take a look?
The top ten turnt-up
runway looks.
Number ten, Darienne Lake.
She got the girls front and
center, and she looks gorgeous.
Love it.
Number nine,
Laganja Estranja.
Laganja, lady gaga called.
She wants her hat back.
Number eight,
Trinity K. Bonet.
I always travel with
a satellite dish, because you
get more channels.
Number seven, Ben de LA
creme.
Now, I'm not biased, but Ben
de LA creme is the most gorgeous
girl to ever pounce that runway.
It's like looking in a mirror,
a funhouse mirror--
you know, one that makes me
look thin.
Number six, Bianca Del Rio.
Who puts a streak in their
wig?
I mean, who does that?
That's so three seasons ago.
Number five, vi-vi-Vivacious.
Vivacious' spike outfit
looked like a microscopic image
of a syphilis spore.
Number four, Joslyn Fox.
I think joslyn's ass is her
best outfit.
Oh, my God, that's so shady.
Number three, Adore in
diamonds.
It looks like Tonya Harding
is going to chase after her with
a crowbar any minute.
Number two, Milk.
Milk came out on the runway
dressed as motherfucking
Pinocchio, bitch.
Now, that's how you do it.
Number one, Courtney Act.
Courtney Act as a bird--
yes, bitch.
I thought that Courtney was
actually going to take flight
off the stage and take Michelle
visage's lace front with her.
That's it?
That's--that's everything?
You've looked at the editing
floor, and that's all you have
for me?
We can't forget Ru's top 12
turnt-out looks, huntys.
[Upbeat pop music]
Cover girl
miss Ru wore every look
possible this season, and they
were all turnt-out.
Ru's outfits are annoying,
because they're all fucking
beautiful, and I hate her.
That's sweet.
I love you.
The top five judge mental
moments.
The judges got into it
this season, honey.
Number five.
I can see Adam lambert
watching these thighs.
He wants some chicken leg.
I know it.
Adam and April carrion
sitting in a tree,
doing something we can't see.
You are gorgeous.
You're gorgeous as well.
Oh, thank you.
[Laughs]
Get a room.
But you can hear it, and
it probably sounds like this.
[Makes suckling noise]
Ah.
Number four, the o.G.
Dream girl, sheryl Lee Ralph.
Love the original dream girl.
Come on, it doesn't get better
than that, and she don't mind
telling it like it is, either.
It's like you have a beard
on your forehead.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Put a cork in it.
I was like...
Literally, speak with that
cork in the mouth.
It will do wonders for
enunciation.
It helps you enunciate your
words, and people can understand
number three, leah remini
is here.
So the lipstick should stay
on.
She said it lasts through
all that.
I love leah remini as
a judge.
She and Michelle are just like
those two muppets who just read
the show for filth.
When leah remini and Michelle
visage were getting into it,
honey, I was like, "can this be
the untucked episode, please?"
Did it stay on through
the trick or not?
Yes.
Well, I didn't get that.
All right, then.
Yeah, you were on
the king of queens?
I thought they were trying to
be too funny.
They were trying to outdo each
other, and that's not a team
player.
I'll give you that.
Yeah, I'll give you that.
Hallelujah.
So they created a character--
pause.
One second, Ru.
Okay.
Michelle just said I was
right, so if we could just take
a moment.
I'll give you that.
Speaking of sisterhoods, you
have Michelle Visage and Santino
rice going at it like they're
having they own freakin'
quarrels.
I--do they just not agree
on anything?
Number two.
He wants to say whatever
i say, the opposite.
No, I don't.
I don't care what you say.
I think that Michelle and
Santino are definitely fighting
a little bit more this year,
because I've seen a 33% increase
in side eye.
It was great to see Bianca
del nero in that light.
Or Del Rio.
I actually thought it was
like watching Bianca del nero's
past--
Del Rio?
What'd I say?
Del nero.
No, Del Rio.
This is the second time
you've said--
del nero.
Del nero.
I would never say "del nero."
You said it two times.
Go to the tape.
Shut the fuck, no.
You're fucking crazy if you
think you didn't say it.
I actually thought we were
watching a tape from Bianca del
nero--
[Laughs]
Now, you're nodding, you fucker.
Third time.
"I didn't say that."
What's a del nero?
I don't know, but it sounds
delicious.
Number one, Drag Race super
fan khloe Kardashian.
Khloe Kardashian is sort of
like the honey badger of drag.
She doesn't care.
Basic bitches not wanted.
I have a very big camel toe.
My puss is very large
and in charge.
I'm a big girl.
I love anybody who's got a
large and in charge puss.
#nofilter.
Now, during khloe
Kardashian's second appearance
this season, she performed on
the main stage with raven
and manila.
The sequence was supposed to
air on keeping up with the
Kardashians, so this footage is
so exclusive, it got cut from
not just one, but two shows.
Look at that body, my God.
It's gorgeous.
Which one, me?
Oh.
Your pads are amazing.
Yes.
I never thought I'd be
lip-synching on the stage of
RuPaul's Drag Race again.
sashay shante
yeah.
do it, do it
oh
all the girls say
welcome to the jungle
khloe Kardashian,
shante, you stay.
Whoo!
Thank you, Ru.
Raven and I lost to
khloe Kardashian.
Damn.
Up next, the top five
smackdowns.
Yes, God, nessa.
One final look at our top
three queens, and why are these
queens blindfolded?
Bitch, get into it.
Find out, as RuPaul's drag
race countdown to the crown
continues.
[Laughs]
Welcome back to RuPaul's drag
race countdown to the crown.
Now, here at the Drag Race,
we're one big happy family,
and like every family,
well, sometimes, shit
do get real.
The top five smackdowns.
Bitch, anybody that comes
down the runway looking like
that thinking that that's
Tony awards, I want to get into
your brain, so what's going on?
Gia is very one-sided with
her idea of drag.
I could go off on the number of
things that she needs to fix,
but I'd rather not.
Gia's drag is all about being
fishy, giving the illusion of
a woman, and Milk's drag is kind
of opposite that.
I love Milk's drag.
I think there's an authenticity
to it.
It's just his own particular
thing, and I live.
I completely live for Milk.
Just got off the boat, you
know, a little trip from Asia.
Just landed like fresh tilapia.
Why's she so proud of
tilapia?
It's like the cheapest fish.
You guys are all still dudes.
Number four.
Nice to meet you, Courtney.
I'm a big fan of yours.
My name's Joslyn Fox.
When we need a low-rent
version of Courtney, I'll let
you know.
Sometimes it's great to meet
your idol, and sometimes
it's not.
Your drag isn't as polished
as the other drag in the
competition right now.
I'm not being mean.
I'm just being factual, but I
didn't mean it in any way to
it was very big sister,
little sister, you know?
The little sister idolizing the
big sister, and then she wakes
up, and realizes that it's
a man.
[Laughs]
I've got my lace front glued
down.
I do glance over and notice
joslyn giving a little sideburn
action.
We'll have to get her into
a nice lace front wig.
Number three.
You won a challenge.
I won the first challenge
too.
Oh, you did?
Oh.
I did.
I wasn't there.
Yeah, it doesn't count.
Honey, I didn't have my
glasses on, so I didn't see the
ultimate shade showdown coming.
Why did Darienne hate Ben
so much?
Darienne, why didn't you
choose me?
It's none of your fucking
business.
All: Ooh!
I don't know what intimidates
a girl more, the girls who are
good at the things they're not
good at, or the girls who are
good at the things they're
good at.
I'm too young and pretty to
be a cougar.
[Laughs]
And a lot of, you know,
cougars are delusional.
Darienne does not like de LA,
and you know why?
It's none of your fucking
business.
Number two.
I do feel a little bit
shafted by you today.
When?
I don't remember the exact
comment you said.
What did she say, Laganja?
I want to know what she said.
I tried to, like, figure out,
like, what it is I thought you
said, and I think it was just,
like, the fact that, you know,
I was just, like, really
emotional and distraught
and already down.
But I felt like at one point,
maybe earlier, or maybe
yesterday, that possibly there
was something going on between
Adore and Laganja, but I can't
number one.
Fuck these bitches.
Are you in a whitesnake video?
What are you doing over there?
She mouthed off to every
single person.
She don't--it doesn't matter
who you are.
I will show you versatility
when Santino wins a sewing
competition and visage wears
a fucking turtleneck.
And then I love the fact that
she throws the truth back in
their face.
I'm more of a Beyonce myself.
At least Beyonce's dresses
hit the floor.
Now, let's get one thing
straight.
Bianca's not a bitch,
she's right.
We're drag queens in a
fucking competition.
The only thing worse is fucking
prison.
Now, like true sisters, my
girls are always there to lift
each other up.
Let's count down this season's
top three support ho's.
Number three.
When everybody was bagging on
the only one to stick up for
her.
You're ignorant.
I'm sorry, it's ignorance.
Oh, ignorant now.
Okay, well, ignorant would be me
not wanting to better educate
myself.
Well, educate yourself.
That's why I'm asking her
what she thinks.
No, you're reading her.
Of course, when a person's
ignorant, they don't understand
what that word means.
[Chuckles]
So she got all bent out of
shape, and it was the truth.
I'm not educated?
You look like a fucking
recycling bin.
You're welcome.
Number two.
You are Ben de LA creme, and
that's the character that you
have built, and don't you change
it for nobody.
When her sisters were feeling
down after a rough day at the
office, it was nice to see that
Trinity was able to go around
and give them a little pep talk,
you know?
Do not beat yourself up or
feel bad because Courtney, your
competitor, told you that your
look is not polished.
She was giving them a pep
talk like she was a coach in the
super bowl or something.
Exactly.
Didn't Beyonce perform at
the super bowl?
She wasn't the coach, right?
[Laughs]
Number one.
Remember, Trinity, you know
you can do this.
You got this, bitch.
Bianca has a soft side,
and she helps the girls.
I think that Bianca is
actually a really nice person.
I think she's a--she's probably
a very sensitive person,
I'm imagining.
I--and don't tell anybody
that I'm being kind, but I have
another cincher if you want me
to lace you in it.
I'm down.
Okay, we'll do it.
Secretly, she allowed Adore
to borrow one of her corsets
in front of nine cameras.
Way to play the game, bitch.
Coming up, legendary queens
give new insight into the
top three.
For such a vicious bitch,
she sure is pretty.
Calm down, Beyonce.
Walk.
Ay, dios mio.
As RuPaul's Drag Race
continues.
Okay?
[Laughs]
Welcome back to RuPaul's drag
race countdown to the crown.
With just one week until we
crown America's next drag
superstar, it's anybody's game.
Pregnant pause,
pregnant pause.
The time has come to school
the children on the abcs.
Learn it, and learn it well.
Fuck yeah,
I'm the first one!
A young queen bursting with
raw talent, and the ability to
charm her way out of anything.
But I had to wear it, because
it was see-through, and I wanted
to show my body.
[Laughter]
Adore has baby Jesus eyes.
She just--you can't help but
love her.
I love Adore Delano, because
she's like, "my dress doesn't
hit the floor, and I look
fucking cool."
You know, I love that she's
got a little bit of a messiness
to her.
Ow.
I think a little bit of dirt
under the acrylic fingernails is
kind of hot sometimes.
I'm fucking hood.
I'm from azusa.
I'll stab a bitch.
She takes the critiques.
She tries to grow from them,
but she's still loving it.
She had a breakthrough with
Ru in the walkthrough.
I came here to be, like,
top three and to fucking win it.
You can taste, like,
ooh, girl, bitch brought it
for the video shoot.
Her sissy was sissying
my walk.
She was giving me sissy spacek.
She's eager, she's ready,
and she sings.
oh, and if you
don't believe
oh, shit.
She's gonna take my gigs.
I hate her.
Party.
Adore may have started with
a whimper, but she ended with
a big bang.
Will this fallen idol continue
not today, Satan, not today.
Bianca Del Rio was this
season's mouth that roared.
These people are a bunch of
assholes.
She's a killer comedian,
a seasoned queen, and a damn
seamstress.
Love that dress.
You can borrow it.
That dress is gorgeous.
You can borrow this one too.
I'll lend it to you, girl.
Not only can she cut a dress
pattern, but she can cut you to
filth.
Okay, you know what?
I'm not your mama.
My name is Bianca.
Nothing gets past Bianca,
and I love that.
And I got to thinking
that it was a crock of shit.
She's the bitch that I agree
with.
She keeps it so real, and
everything that comes out of her
mouth is just all brilliance
all the time.
she's a man with one eye
at the beat of her eyelash,
she could drop a freakin'
one-liner.
Who's helping you out?
Well, they're all helping me
out by being horrible
and making me look better.
[Laughs]
I was pretty flabbergasted
how sweet Bianca has turned out.
She's actually helped people do
their make-up, cinched their
body, and reached out in a time
of need.
If you ever need anything,
call a hateful bitch like me.
But is she really helping?
You never know.
This is a competition, girls.
Come on, shake it off.
Shake it off, shake it off,
pretend it's gas.
Just leave it in the hallway.
Bianca Del Rio is a
take-no-prisoners professional
bitch with a heart of gold.
You always end with a nasty
comment.
I always begin with one too!
She's a cutthroat contender
for the crown, but she's not
alone.
Is this America's next top
model?
Enter Courtney Act.
I honestly want to just skin
you alive and wear your body.
[Australian accent] A proven
singer and superstar from the
land down under, Courtney Act
caught our attention from day
one.
[Squawks]
[Laughter]
Oh, if pretty hurts,
Courtney is murdering us.
Every time she walks down the
runway, I'm like, "who let that
girl in here?
Can someone call security?
There's a young woman walking
around the main stage.
Such a shame about that body.
I know she wishes she had
my curves and swerves, baby.
The only thing wrong I would
say is, you're perfect.
Well, everyone else is
relying on ugly.
Why can't I rely on pretty?
[Laughter]
She's beautiful and talented.
I don't drink or eat
or cuss
I hate that.
Just when you're ready to
hate Courtney, she does
something nice, you shady little
bitch.
You can find yourself a nice
man looking just like that.
You know what, you're right.
I just feel like I have
a weird proportioned body.
Well, maybe you do,
and so what?
Courtney has star quality
written all over her.
Wouldn't it be so exciting to
have an Australian America's
next drag superstar?
Will this aussie import pull
ahead and leave these domestic
models in her dust?
Courtney definitely has what
it takes to be America's next
drag superstar, but I--
Bianca should win.
I like Adore Delano, because
she's 22, and she's--
silence.
I have not made my decision.
So who's team are you playing
for?
Team Adore Delano,
team Bianca Del Rio,
or team Courtney Act?
Hashtag it and tell the world
who you think should be crowned
America's next drag superstar.
Could we just crown this
bitch already?
Up next, my girls go blindly
where no queens have gone
before.
Okay.
Plus, the world video
premiere of sissy that walk
when RuPaul's Drag Race
countdown to the crown
continues.
[Laughs]
Welcome back to RuPaul's
Drag Race countdown to
the crown.
Adore Delano, Bianca Del Rio,
Courtney Act, who do you
think has the biggest charisma,
uniqueness, nerve, and talent?
Starting now, you've got one
week to let me and the world
know.
Right, girls?
Yes, God.
Absolutely.
Don't wear bacon.
This season, I've been
criticized for promoting too
many of my products, so tonight
I will not be plugging my
number-one album born naked.
I will make no mention of
my signature fragrance
RuPaul's Glamazon.
And my final vow, you will not
hear a peep out of me about the
new RuPaul candy bar,
not a peep.
I won't mention it, even though
it is made with delicious Milk
chocolate, sea salt, and...
Peanut, peanut, peanut
peanut, peanut, peanut
p-p-p-p-peanut
peanut, peanut
let me feed y'all!
Oh!
All right.
Oh, my God.
[Laughs]
That shit is good.
And now, the world premiere
of the official video for
sissy that walk.
And next week, join me and all
my girls for
RuPaul's Drag Race reunited.
Okay.
Now, remember, if you can't
love yourself, how in the hell
you gonna love someone else?
Can I get a chocolate bar up
in here?
Amen.
Hallelu.
All: Amen.
Let the music video play.
[Sultry pop music]
pick myself up
turn the world
on its head
don't forget what
don't forget
what my mama said
people talking
since the beginning of time
unless they
paying your bills
pay them bitches no mind
and if I fly
or if I fall
least I can say
I gave it all
and if I fly
or if I fall
I'm on my way
fly, fly, fly, fly
uh-oh, oh, uh-oh
uh-oh
now sissy that walk
better beware
ain't no t ain't no shade
but at the same time
bitches better
get out the way
I'm a femme queen
mother of the
house of no shame
my [...] Is on fire
now kiss the flame
and if I fly
or if I fall
least I can say
I gave it all
and if I fly
or if I fall
I'm on my way
fly, fly, fly, fly
uh-oh, oh, uh-oh
uh-oh
now sissy that walk
and if I fly
or if I fall
at least I can say
I gave it all
and if I fly
or if I fall
I'm on my way
fly, fly, fly, fly
uh-oh, oh, uh-oh
uh-oh
now sissy that walk
come on, natch.